Adding members for remotelly attestating of TAM  from TEEP-Agent (#335)
ietf-teep/teep-protocol: draft-ietf-teep-protocol.md

 - Request for attestation information,
 - Listing supported extensions,
 - Querying installed Trusted Components, and

>  - Request for logging information of SUIT Report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Request for logging information in SUIT Reports.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: In this PR, passing the attestation of TAM to Agent is a new feature.
This QueryRequest feature list should have the new one as like 
```
- Providing the attestation data of TAM to TEEP Agent
```

Author: @ko-isobe 
Thanks for your comment. 

I added that it will be sending attestation data of the TAM to the TEEP Agent in a separate sentence, since the data-item-requested section is for what to request from the TEEP Agent and not what the TAM would send.

    ? supported-freshness-mechanisms => [ + $freshness-mechanism ],
    ? challenge => bstr .size (8..512),
    ? versions => [ + version ],
    ? attestation-payload-format => text,
    ? attestation-payload => bstr,

>     ? suit-reports => [ + bstr ],

Reviewer: The body of the document needs to be updated as well with field descriptions.
Also add an err-code value such as
ERR_ATTESTATION_REQUIRED = 7

Author: @dthaler 
Add the descriptions of paramaters requied for attesting the TAM.
Also add it for ERR_ATTESTATION_REQUIRED.

  If this field is not present, it is to be treated the same as if
  it contained only version 0.

> attestation-payload-format

Reviewer: I don't see why these are needed in the QueryResponse, they should be in an Error message instead.

Author: Moved them to in the Error message.

: The attestation-payload-format parameter indicates the IANA Media Type of the
  attestation-payload parameter, where media type parameters are permitted after
  the media type.  For protocol version 0, the absence of this parameter indicates that
  the format is "application/eat+cwt; eat_profile=https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/draft-ietf-teep-protocol-12" (see {{I-D.ietf-rats-eat-media-type}}
  for further discussion).
  (RFC-editor: upon RFC publication, replace URI above with
  "https://www.rfc-editor.org/info/rfcXXXX" where XXXX is the RFC number
  of this document.)
  This parameter MUST be present only when the QuearyResponse returned from the

>   TEEP Agent with ERR_ATTESTATION_REQUIRED, the TAM MUST send another QearyRequest

Reviewer: The "MUST send another..." text should be in the TAM Behavior section rather than the definition of the message.

Author: Moved them to the TAM Behavior section.

  with the attestation-payload before advancing to an Update message.
  It MUST be present if the attestation-payload parameter
  is present and the format is not an EAT in CWT format with the profile
  defined below in {{eat}}.

attestation-payload
: The attestation-payload parameter contains Evidence or an Attestation Result
  of the TAM for the TEEP Agent to perform attestation of the TAM.
  This parameter MUST be present only when the QuearyResponse returned from the

>   TEEP Agent with ERR_ATTESTATION_REQUIRED, the TAM MUST send another QearyRequest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  TEEP Agent with ERR_ATTESTATION_REQUIRED, the TAM MUST send another QueryRequest
```

>   with the attestation-payload.

Reviewer: Same here about "the TAM MUST send..." is TAM behavior not part of the message definition

Author: Also moved them to the Message behavior.

  of this document.)

>   This parameter MUST be present only when the QuearyResponse returned from the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This parameter MUST be present only when the QueryResponse returned from the
```

  Details about the encoding can be found in {{freshness-mechanisms}}.
  This otherwise optional parameter MUST be returned if err-code is ERR_UNSUPPORTED_FRESHNESS_MECHANISMS.

challenge-tam
: The challenge-tam field is an optional parameter used for ensuring the freshness of
  attestation evidence included with a QueryRequest message.
  When a challenge-tam is provided in the Error message and Evidence in the form of an EAT is
  returned with a QueryRequest message then the challenge-tam contained in the Error message

>   MUST be used to generate the EAT, by copying the challenge-tam into the eat_nonce in the

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  MUST be used to generate the EAT, by copying the challenge-tam value into the eat_nonce claim, as described in the
```

>   EAT profile {{eat}} if using the Nonce freshness mechanism.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  EAT profile {{eat}}, if the nonce-based freshness mechanism is used.
```

  unsupported type, or the certificate was revoked by its signer.
  A TAM receiving this error might attempt to use an alternate certificate.

ERR_ATTESTATION_REQUIRED (7)

> : Indicates attestation of the TAM is required at the TEEP Agent side, and to request

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
: Indicates attestation of the TAM is required by the TEEP Agent side. This will lead to an
```

  additional round of QueryRequest and QueryResponse to be performed before

>   proceeding to update message.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  proceeding to the Update message.
```

suit-reports = 19
token = 20
supported-freshness-mechanisms = 21

> challenge-tam = 2

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
challenge-tam = 22
```

the update in any implementation specific way, such as updating any locally
cached information about the state of the TEEP Agent, or logging the results.

> If the TAM received an Error message with ERR_ATTESTATION_REQUIRED, it indicates that the TEEP Agent is requesting attestation of the TAM.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If the TAM received an Error message with the error code ERR_ATTESTATION_REQUIRED, it indicates that the TEEP Agent is requesting attestation of the TAM.
```

QueryResponse message if all fields were understood, or an Error message
if any error was encountered.

> If the TEEP Agent requires attesting the TAM, the TEEP Agent MUST send Error Message with ERR_ATTESTATION_REQUIRED supplying supported-freshness-mechanisms or challenge-tam.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If the TEEP Agent requires attesting the TAM, the TEEP Agent MUST send the Error Message with the error code ERR_ATTESTATION_REQUIRED supplying the supported-freshness-mechanisms or the challenge-tam.
```
